Matthew Montano: Can you see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Indeed, yes, here and see you and it's making me want some ice cream. I will not lie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: That like a shirt like melting Sherburne Mickey.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that have like demo mode, it's not like a drug t shirt. And I'm like, fully plate praising it, and it's like, like that's like an acid shirt and like, Oh, cute.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. All right. Okay. I'm the idiot again. Fair enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever, I'm used to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Matthew Montano: If I saw
Matthew Montano: A lots been going on. Um, I've been feeling better lately, uh,
Matthew Montano: I'm. Did I tell you I was kind of seen the new guy. I'm kind of
Matthew Montano: No, no. Well, we're not seeing each other I'm dating again.
Matthew Montano: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So much my advice on you like now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear about them.
Matthew Montano: I really felt like I needed to get do something like dating to get my mind off of
Matthew Montano: My breakup, because my breakup actually what felt like it felt like a dad like it was getting me that depressed. Yeah. And I don't know if that's normal, or
Matthew Montano: It's because I know I'll never get back with him because of the way things ended so it like affecting me like a dead like it was like I was constantly down
Matthew Montano: But I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just gonna listen
Matthew Montano: It's what it's what
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just gonna listen
Matthew Montano: Okay, and also
Matthew Montano: I've done
Matthew Montano: It's kind of crazy. The person I've seen and I kind of did it on purpose, out of
Matthew Montano: Out of revenge, I guess.
Matthew Montano: Or Brian hurting my feelings. The guy I'm seeing is one arrives x or the guy that I am dating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the one you did the sex video
Matthew Montano: Yeah. See, I told you about that.
Matthew Montano: Yeah okay so we make we we have sex, and we take something happening and and then have him. I take to give me oral sex and then I sent it to Ryan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice guy.
Matthew Montano: So, I know, but it's just like I never achieved on him those four years. I just started finding out slowly that he was
Matthew Montano: He was cheating on me, where every once in a while and never had to report or Brett. He never even showed a sign of these things and it's just like
Matthew Montano: I felt in my mind, how could a person do that to another person. You don't do that to somebody, you could drive somebody crazy, you could you could get, you know,
Matthew Montano: And you could really, you could make somebody suicide or you could make somebody people kill people kill their partners for stuff like that, you know, don't do stuff like that people. And so I just. That was my like little Buck you
Matthew Montano: Know,
Matthew Montano: Up just just show him how that how feel server, you know, like
Matthew Montano: It was in something like it wasn't like, oh, I want to be like Kiki or up. It was like, I really wanted to, I wanted to
Matthew Montano: And I find that I do that sometimes.
Matthew Montano: In relationships. If they don't end well. I feel like I have to get
Matthew Montano: If I feel like the for me, I always feel like I have to get revenge.
Matthew Montano: Like I have to
Matthew Montano: somehow make them like either
Matthew Montano: Like in the relationship. I was it I'm I haven't been in I've been in three or four relationships throughout my life and I'm 31 but the one before, Ryan.
Matthew Montano: See how did that they went. It went really well. The whole time he was the one that actually got me hooked on the oxy codeine, so that's why they went well for so good. We are high. Most of the time and
Matthew Montano: But anyways, when I started noticing that things weren't going well. When I would when I tried to help him and myself get off the drugs like I noticed he started distancing himself for me and like what, like he wanted out of the relationship. So I did whatever I could to make them miserable.
Matthew Montano: As that mean
Matthew Montano: And I, and like, like I just met this this other guy. He's really good. He's, he's gorgeous. The guy that I made the sex video with the river is gorgeous. He's better looking, and Ronnie I he's looking at Ryan. Most people would say, and Ryan was really good looking, and
Matthew Montano: I'm thinking, is it something you myself like
Matthew Montano: Am I not happy with myself. Is that why
Matthew Montano: Is there something I need to work on in myself, my confidence, maybe being bully.
Matthew Montano: Bully very, very roughly in high school and
Matthew Montano: You know,
Matthew Montano: Just
Matthew Montano: But yet I still hung out with the popular kids with the bully me and
Matthew Montano: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for now. Matthew, just keep telling your story just hear yourself. Get all all of it out, he's gorgeous. People say, give me a name to to Mr. Gorgeous. What's his name.
A
Matthew Montano: McKinsey
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so he's even better looking than Ryan.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, but that's that has nothing to do with it. Of course, your initial attraction is the way somebody looks that's that's the way you're initially going to attract attract somebody or see your interest in them, so it has nothing to do with that, um,
Matthew Montano: I do like to look good myself and stuff.
Matthew Montano: But my relationships always seem to be they start off really well that person always initiate the relationship. So I know
Matthew Montano: I know I must be attractive. They, they always initiate the relationship. They always tell me they love me. First, they always have those puppy dog eyes on me first. And I'm always really was put the wall up always have the wall up so I know
Matthew Montano: People like me. But then once I start getting too close to them.
Matthew Montano: I skip this strong jealousy like once the relationship starts getting to real serious I mice this crazy jealousy comes out in me in this where I'm constantly wondering what they're doing. They're fading call answer my phone call. I'm wondering what they were doing and
Matthew Montano: And it got so crazy like that with Ryan likely if he wouldn't answer my phone call right away. I would freak out, or if
Matthew Montano: He gave a guy a straight guy ride home and he forgot to tell me about it. And he told me about it another time I freaked out. But I know that guy was screen. No, nothing like that happen but
Matthew Montano: It, but now that I'm finally override and I look back at that. And I was like, what if he did cheat on me. What it's I could, I would have just broke up with him. Why, why is it, why do I get this extreme jealousy and like
Matthew Montano: Like
Matthew Montano: jealousy and resentment towards these people, you know, and I. Is it, is it because
Matthew Montano: I've been
Matthew Montano: let down by people. I love a lot like like my mom. She is my dad and I broke up our family.
Matthew Montano: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, so at least
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're going to have just listened
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, then you're going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Go therapist to
Matthew Montano: Pop.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be psycho therapist to you're going to answer your own questions, you're going to give me a chance.
Matthew Montano: Well, I guess I'm I guess I'm smart. So I realized these things but you know okay stop me when I'm doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm not going to stop you. I just did. That was my only contribution right there. But notice how you did it, you're answering your own question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we may not see it the same way, but just noticed that that's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice. Oh, I want you all. You know what, maybe it's this. You're doing the psycho analysis, but if we're going to do the I mom on the couch, if I'm on the couch, then I'm listening. Okay, I'm not judging you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And me, if you're going to do psychoanalysis, because we love doing. Of course, psychology is a cool field. We love to look at that. It's a fun thing to do.
Matthew Montano: I don't I don't necessarily look into too much. It's just, I have a very like like smoldering mind my mind is always running and trying to figure stuff out like I'm just, I'm probably a really smart person like you know
Matthew Montano: Oh, I am a really smart person.
Matthew Montano: What I'm trying to, I guess, when I when I like imagine questions. What I'm trying to get at. And I don't know how this works or anything. You're the professional I'm trying to figure out how to fix those things. How, how do I fix that. How do I
Matthew Montano: Change those things, you know,
Matthew Montano: It's so hard.
Matthew Montano: How do I trust again that's
Matthew Montano: That's my problem. It's so hard to trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll put the word trust off to the side. That's a heavy hitter. That's an important one.
Matthew Montano: Okay, it's hard for me to trust.
Matthew Montano: Friends.
Matthew Montano: But I
Matthew Montano: Do I do, but I do eventually
Matthew Montano: It's not as hard for me to trust friends because we're not intimate once things become intimate because I'm very sexual and
Matthew Montano: That's how I express my love, so like I get
Matthew Montano: I feel like we have usually have good sex with whoever I'm with but it's like an expression of My Love. It's not just, I'm just not like a horny rabbit like
Matthew Montano: So once the relationship becomes into me, that's when my jealousy comes out because I can't like sometimes when I was with Ryan.
Matthew Montano: The way we would have sex or whatever we would do in bed him doing that with somebody else would run through my mind when I would get jealous and that would cause panic attacks.
Gwenevere Abriel: So can I can I reflect something back, he said.
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I just want to reflect this one piece of that is you described yourself like this. I'm having sex with a partner and everything's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I get close to them. And then I get jealous. Hold that I was in the first part of this this session.
Gwenevere Abriel: He just said the opposite. Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's fine for we're close. But then when we're intimate. That's when
Gwenevere Abriel: I get jealous. Did you know you said the exact opposite thing in the same span of like 10 minutes, they're exactly the opposite. Do you have an idea about why you might do that.
Matthew Montano: Well, it's
Matthew Montano: The jealousy, cut the jealousy and not wanting to be abandoned her
Matthew Montano: By being cheated on or whatever codes from day. Once the intimacy becomes a big part of the relationship. And also, once I start telling them.
Matthew Montano: My personal secrets and stuff about my life because I feel like those are two things. Those are two things that can really hurt like I know I said how you said, I said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Both but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So let me ask you, are there two types of sex, at least, is there. Is it possible that maybe there's this I'm hot. You're hot. Let's have sex, then
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's it. We're going to find out whether there's any chance. Any chance. Any chance. Oh, now I trust you and I'm going to share my secrets. Now we've got closeness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sex is now making love. Now it's different now it's in this
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think that's what that is.
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah
Matthew Montano: What I'm doing with McKinsey, it's just, it's just sex because I know he's he's known as super around. So I have he's he's gorgeous guy but I use protection and the whole nine yards. Because I know he likes to sleep around, he's done for that. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so I think I got clear on on the on the sex part changes, meaning
Gwenevere Abriel: It changes me
Matthew Montano: Yeah, love it when I make it's making love. And that's what I used to do with Ryan if make love
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sell a lot of stuff and I listening to, but you're doing your own psycho analysis of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're the one
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing the psychoanalysis and you're the one engaging in this vindictive behavior, how likely is it that you've really found the core truth.
Matthew Montano: I think I feel like I
Matthew Montano: Found what the problem is. But
Matthew Montano: How do I fix it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me in a word in one statement. Take your time on it. My problem is
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it in a phrase my problem.
Matthew Montano: My problem is trust and intimacy issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we don't need to move from there. I remember I put trust off to the side. I said that's a heavy hitter. And here we are again. Right. So you're you're onto something that's a pretty pretty important one for a lot of people
Gwenevere Abriel: But here's what it doesn't say it doesn't say the subject is it doesn't say the object.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is my problem is trust and intimacy. My problem is this is trust and intimacy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there like that. The problem is trust and intimacy. It's right here.
Matthew Montano: No, I feel like. Okay, watch this is trust and intimacy. Once it becomes trusted intimacy. I feel like I'm doing this, trying to hold it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect. That's perfect. That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, it's relationship.
And it's
Matthew Montano: Very stressful. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. So that was a perfect analogy. So as soon as you identify it exists there is trust. There is intimacy, you become anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice that it's here and you are here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are anxious as if it is this thing and you have a relationship, hold on to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you are proximal and you are around this kind of love, because that's what intimacy and trust is that's love. So when you're around it, you get anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this wobbly is this thinking I have to keep it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think it is. What is the relationship between you. Let's keep it this distance. It's a good metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep it as if it's this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that you're worried about. I'm going to lose it. And that will mean I'm a bad person. Or, you know what, this isn't real. I don't believe this is real. I feel it. But today, feel it. So here's that's only two examples. There are so many scenarios. So hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: The Quiet happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: There it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just look at it. Maybe take that phone again and just look at that, if that's trust and intimacy.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you say to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is going right rain. This is imagination. This is this weird kooky stuff. And this isn't on the couch chit chat. This is a little bit of that weirder thing that I do sometimes, right. This is our so you look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: The first thing you want to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Editing
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing it now you're trying to think of the right thing to say. That's not what I want. I want to know. Right.
Matthew Montano: Before before I thought of something before you did that. I thought member on when you asked me what my goals were my goals are to have
Matthew Montano: A BOYFRIEND, a family.
Matthew Montano: And that's why I hold on to like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't ask you why I'm your therapist, I'm asking you to answer this question.
Gwenevere Abriel: If this is trust and intimacy. What do you have to say to it first response.
Gwenevere Abriel: Catch it fast. Fuck your fight. Now we're talking. Now we got somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you want it. It is what brings us meaning in our life, isn't it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fuck you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at the difference. It's like that clash of that duality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't you
Gwenevere Abriel: The very thing you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Causes you anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sit there without a little bit without doing your psycho analysis thing where you start to dip into family history just sit with your truth. That was beautiful, just sit there with it a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back and forth. This is what I want. Well, fuck you. That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, isn't it.
Matthew Montano: Yeah. Say it. Say it again. I hear you. What
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what I want. But fuck you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're what I want. Fuck you. You're what I want
Gwenevere Abriel: Your what I want. Look, I'm pushing it away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your what I want, push, push, push your what I want, push, push, push. I told you when it's in the goals. This is what I want. I talk about in therapy, all the time. I want this, I told you it's what I want. Well, I'm going to go completely sabotage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any hope of getting this I'm going to treat men like this. I'm going to treat my body like this. You already told me you told me months ago. You say, Well, normally when I'm in a breakup. I will go out and I will have, you know, sex, and you're so proud of yourself. Well, that's gone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your baseline fuck them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So, but are you seeing what what's happening.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This looks
Like
Matthew Montano: It's a conflictual relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they're at. They're at odds. That's a good way to put it.
Matthew Montano: And it's, it's kind of like tearing me apart when I'm in that relationship. It's like
Matthew Montano: Like, because now that I'm out of it.
Matthew Montano: I feel like
Matthew Montano: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's see if that's true. Actually, maybe not sure about that. Let me, let me repeat what you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about what you said earlier going in there. This feels like death.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you said that earlier today.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, well, yeah, that's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I needed to date again.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not true. It isn't this because if it was this Matt looks sexy. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: people contact you through everything gets all clustering.
Matthew Montano: So I know right.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it was
Gwenevere Abriel: If it was this
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd be complaining of I'm bored.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get up when I go to work and do my thing we'd be talking about the idiots at work, we'd be spending it. We did for a second. That didn't last too long, but we would be talking about the idiots at work we've been talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your hot body and how it sucks that you can't be working out, and we'd be getting new cool things in house to try and do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd be like, oh, this sucks and we'd be talking about just the global pandemic, we talk about people in group, we'd be talking about. I'm scared to taper and you know y'all are just a pain in my ass and I will need you will be doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we're not what you are doing is
Gwenevere Abriel: They're addictive and you don't like it in yourself you warned me months ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said, I'm proud. I'm not doing it and you're doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are not this
Gwenevere Abriel: This is bored and watching Netflix until there are no TV shows left to watch you know this is bored I need to pick up a new hobby, you know, that's not what you literally, I'm going to tell you what you're talking about. When you came in here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: This feels like death. I have to exert my word revenge this thing, this thing, this thing people do when they
Gwenevere Abriel: Hurt you take the calls people to commit suicide and to kill people don't even start with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please, you ain't
Matthew Montano: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: People that are are
Gwenevere Abriel: I, you know, when I ain't got shit to talk about today. I'm just, I guess shits talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're starting to talk about pandemic and we're looking at YouTube videos and we're now I'm reviewing couple things here that is not what your life is
Matthew Montano: Last night I actually
Matthew Montano: Hung out with a straight guy, but he's by and we didn't hook up all the way we kiss and stuff so
Matthew Montano: And I also text Ryan about those all look what I do.
Matthew Montano: But I still have that
Matthew Montano: You know, it's funny. My mom was real edge.
Gwenevere Abriel: She still talks nasty she still talks. Yeah, dad. It's still there.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, she's still vengeful about my dad and they've been divorced for like over 10 years
Matthew Montano: And she still like that's the only be she'll have a conversation about
Matthew Montano: Show asked about my dad asked my brother, because he's mad at my brother, and she could be in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do with the time we have. Let's do this now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have around if you don't have it right away. Then we'll all do something else, do you know for sure that in the next room at the furthest you have a little picture of yourself as a little boy.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, got it.
Matthew Montano: Yeah box of issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want one kind of big one.
Matthew Montano: My mom actually gave us all the family gave me all the family pictures throughout. There's been Ryan is clouds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone picture. You've only got a little bit of time here. So let's get a
Gwenevere Abriel: Big obnoxious school class picture those five by 10 babies.
Matthew Montano: There's me and my brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any five by 10 we have five, I was taking over on desk. Very cute, adorable. Yes. Cute. Very good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So get yourself a five by 10 put it over here. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: See you, so grab one of those. I saw one go by five by 10 picture of you.
reaching your box all
Matthew Montano: Get a five by 10 picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: In there, that's called up when they're, when they're so small.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Matthew Montano: Are these five by 10
Gwenevere Abriel: By 10
Matthew Montano: Okay, let's see. Okay, I assume.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those they take these pictures. Yes, thank you. There we go. Okay. Beautiful. So, so I want you to put that box down on the floor or somewhere safe off to the side, I have that picture in your hand.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, look at, look at him.
Gwenevere Abriel: love in your heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tenderness look at him. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: You love him.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's a sweetie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's where it lives. That's where the truth is no bullshit sneaky and
Gwenevere Abriel: He, you know, has a lot to learn.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot to learn.
Gwenevere Abriel: Them. Again, you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you can't, if you can't do it all the way that at least hold it in your mind that this little boy needs to learn and you're going to teach him on here to we're going to teach him about his value.
Gwenevere Abriel: To reinforce his sense of self and that he's enough
Gwenevere Abriel: And Adam. One more thing oldest when you look at him.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to teach you that. Revenge is a waste of time and that hate will only beget hate that love is always the answer. I'm going to teach you and it's so hard. This lesson and I'm struggling to and I will, I will teach you
Gwenevere Abriel: That's hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was that like this. Now, what's, what are you going through
Matthew Montano: I'm just thinking
Matthew Montano: Well, obviously, I was really into sit back
Matthew Montano: And I know things like
Matthew Montano: Revenge or party people are being heard.
Matthew Montano: And if I had a cute.
Matthew Montano: I would do my best to make sure they never learned to repay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You saw right through me. That was the intervention side to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't return. There's no return. You won't get what you're looking for in hate you won't. It's empty. It's so empty.
Gwenevere Abriel: There will be no return. If there is, it's this fleeting little. Gotcha. And then guess what you are searching hungry and yearning and wanting, yet again, there's no amount of revenge. That will fill that empty space you have inside, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can promise you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The only thing that will fill is love.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can say it easy breezy. I could print it on a t shirt and wear it around, but I know firsthand how hard what I just said, is to do but Matt, you were doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a minute when you broke up. You were proud of yourself because you were not acting out you held on to yourself, knowing that he's not the right person for you and then you deserve something else that you want something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: worthy of love and kindness and respect and simply put someone that shares your core values that wants a home that knows basically
Gwenevere Abriel: Look, we're not going to cheat on each other. We're, we're going to say we're going to talk to each other was an honest way we're going to have a great sex life. We're going to communicate. We're going to both work hard, if that's the value you have
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're doing, you can keep doing it to find out if what I'm saying is true. Go for it. I'll be here for the for the drama and the great stories, you're going to have all I'll sit here on the couch with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it won't fill the void.
Matthew Montano: One sense
Matthew Montano: When I looked at it like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you did it by yourself for in that's exactly what it was, it was to say, how will I teach this thing. How can I teach
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't matter what anybody says about your does to you. You're amazing.
You're amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's good.
Matthew Montano: I feel like
Matthew Montano: It's makes me sad because I know that my mom get that
Matthew Montano: You know, but
Matthew Montano: And I hate to cry about some dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, this feeling is really, really, really old. This isn't just adults. This is fear of not getting it when you needed it needed it when you were little, you needed it back to back over and again over and again
Gwenevere Abriel: Again and again and again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sweetie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do that all
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm so sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are making it through and you are okay, you're okay you survived that you did it all by yourself. You don't have to do it like that anymore. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: People can understand you. They can be there, they can hear you. They can see you. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you made it through that.
Matthew Montano: never really realized it was
Matthew Montano: Stuff like that.
Matthew Montano: Cause me problems.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Somebody wasn't there for
Gwenevere Abriel: That stays with us.
Gwenevere Abriel: This thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't there for you. It could let you down again.
Matthew Montano: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess what, fuck you.
Matthew Montano: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: A whole lot easier than what you just did, which is sit with the fear and you've named it earlier of abandonment of not being understood. It's awful. It's an awful it's, it, it feels like death. I'm not understood. I'm not known. That's, that's that childhood piece and it could happen again.
Matthew Montano: And that's the scariest the, you know, cuz it's like every time.
Matthew Montano: I get hurt it. It feels works no getting older and, you know,
Matthew Montano: It's harder every time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what you just did with me, Matt. I'm guessing you've never done exactly like that before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was new
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Changing so although you say these relationships. I know are the same and I'm getting older. Okay, well that you just went up sort of on that sort of lighter
Gwenevere Abriel: Level, which has to do projecting into the future. And that's what's going to get you anxious, but you just made contact with a real truth and that is
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to address my sense of identity, my sense of self.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing some inner some deep inner work around that. That's the stuff that will carry you forward. That's the stuff that when you really have this confidence in you, your core sense of self, that I am okay I can be in the presence. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of love and intimacy and trust. And I won't be terrified and I won't act out
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't want to push it away by accident, be an asshole or something or be so jealous that it pushes them away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this that you did in here today, when you did that with the picture and you felt that it's called a dissonance. It's like, I don't know how to teach it, you felt it in real time, you don't know how to teach it, because you don't know it yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you know philosophically and intellectually. Well, I know I'll teach my son how to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you have to know how to do it firsthand.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it's work you did in here and you're going to get better at it and better at it and you're going to see more opportunities to not act out of fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of it. Look right site insecurity pop psychology offers that so in security. Fine, we'll go with that. And you're going to hold on tight and you're going to say, I may not know how to do this. Confident thing. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to stay still going to stay quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to go act out not going to go have a sex here. I'm not going to go do a drug there. I'm not going to drink there. I'm not going to overwork out and hurt my body. I'm not going to go access. I'm going to slow down.
Gwenevere Abriel: look inward and see what do I really, really, really, really, really, really, really. I really, really, really, really need right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those other things that you've been doing most recently aren't going to fill it. This stuff in here. The one where you find that answer in the quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just stay with the answer that you get fits, only to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well that's we're doing, we're doing that work. And so make sure you show up to your appointments keep meeting with me and having these kind of conversations. Let's keep doing the psychotherapy, because this inter personal thing you're doing with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sitting with the discomfort is building new tissue and your brain and it's building that ego strength that then you can take in here when you trust me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can trust someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's uncomfortable and it's risky but it's Gives Us Meaning in our life.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This last tiny bit of time we have, and just sort of go into that quiet space Matt your inner world.
Matthew Montano: To get some tissue really quick.
Horse.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is a moment to reflect on what you noticed about you, for us to sort of create this this sort of decompression of how intensely you just worked
Gwenevere Abriel: So what the destination is is a lighter, kind of, we're going to get to that superficial chit chat before my next client gets here. So, but take a second look in
Gwenevere Abriel: And watch roll out. Watch this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Video know of what happened in here today, how you felt expectations philosophies, just walk. And then what happened. What do you think about what happened. What did you notice about how you felt
Gwenevere Abriel: In your
Matthew Montano: Sense of
Matthew Montano: What's up, I was
Gwenevere Abriel: About to say, a sense of was it relief. Is that what it is.
Matthew Montano: Like, like I lead our Sophie cuz I don't ever cry so, like when I cry like that it actually
Matthew Montano: Feels like
Matthew Montano: You know, that was a lot. Just let out
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do have any idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why me, why do you think me. I miss sarcastic snarky kind of bitch lady, why talk to her, Why me,
Matthew Montano: Um,
Matthew Montano: I feel I really like you have the counselor, because
Matthew Montano: I really
Matthew Montano: I know we I don't. We're not there yet, but I feel like we have a connection. I really understand where you are the type of person you want. Okay, you're a good person that look like
Yeah, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even through all of my rigidity with rules and all we you work you earned today you kicked its but we have had at least two really hard sessions where you and I had this power and you push through it and you still showed up for yourself and you did this hard work today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have a little bit of trust in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And something you're picking up on on goodness of my intention.
Gwenevere Abriel: That intuition you happen to be right. I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're lucky because it's true. I actually do have really good intentions for my clients. So you're right. And so whatever you picked up on in here that I was doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's the stuff when you go out into the world and you want to look for a friend to really open up to maybe it'll be a lover to don't know but you want to kind of keep your eye out for how it feels to be around me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I kind of have that same I sense this goodness I sense this good intention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I know you say you've seen it in some people. But there's another thing that is in here that isn't typical of other relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't ask for anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So take the skill of registering. This is a person who's intentions are good and just just be mindful of it you know when when it shows up and you happen to notice it. If you start to see it in other people, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: That I recognize that and and and I'm feeling what calm excited. Maybe tearful like I want to write. I want to open my heart up maybe to this person, like, oh, that's interesting. I'm picking up on a good vibe here.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good intentions.
That is true.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about our next appointment. That's kind of a superficial thing we can fluffy it up about that we can say, hey, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Is next week look like for you.
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Just look at that cute picture. One more time. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: My gosh.
Matthew Montano: I must do folks, you know,
Matthew Montano: It is so gorgeous.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Pair
Matthew Montano: Right.
Matthew Montano: Oh, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: being silly. So let's take
Gwenevere Abriel: What, in general, to kind of know what your work life is like next week to get a sense of it.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, my days awkward Thursdays or Fridays.
Matthew Montano: So I'm off today, tomorrow, and then next week. There's a break by schedule, it's, it's a set schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: To 10 a seven to 10
Matthew Montano: May 7
Matthew Montano: Okay, May seven,
Matthew Montano: To 10
Matthew Montano: Okay. Is that a Thursday. Let me check my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, I'd be curious to see how this saturates for you in the coming week and I already sent a message, just in case, just to kind of, that's what I do. I now I don't even ask. I just send a message and I say my clients here. I say who it is. And then, off we go. I just do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doc and said he's here, so I will see you on Monday.
Matthew Montano: And on the on the group, group that a group therapies do. Is there ever a point I can go to like every other week because
Matthew Montano: I, I'm not a big person about opening up with a group of people like that. I just, it makes me feel super awkward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: About at least about my emotions and stuff.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Matt, the very thing that you feel awkward about
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the very thing you need. I know that makes no sense to you and sometime in the future. You're going to break past that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to open up and it will be exciting and nerve wracking and you will catch yourself making a decision about whether you're going to do it in a split second of a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you will trust yourself and you'll do it anyway because that's where the healing is that you risk it all that other people might judge
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the very thing that makes you uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not for you don't have to know that that's that's a clinician. That's why we know it's so important.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not just medication check in. It's this social setting that has so many pressures to it. And this work that you just did here with me today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hang on, it's gonna there's more to come, a lot more to come, where you are going to grow and evolve.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there will be stretching like physical therapy, you are not going to want to do it. It's uncomfortable physical therapy is uncomfortable psychotherapy, if it's any good is frickin uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: About it.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How comfortable was today.
Matthew Montano: Well,
Matthew Montano: I felt like today was a good session, but because I feel comfortable around you so
Matthew Montano: It was hard. It was rough. It was it was rough looking back at those motion, but it felt good to realize what you know it's it's not my bottom right, it's
Matthew Montano: Not my fault. I use substances to cover up my hurts a since it's been my path. Seems like my mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and it's probably going to be convenient actually that your therapist is a female
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Like a
Matthew Montano: Sister mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so
Matthew Montano: Because you're young.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's transference is what's going on. So, that's perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: So my job is just, I just maintain myself and I maintain this position of unconditional regard and my good intent and it'll, it'll work itself out the the piece about so uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next time you notice how uncomfortable it is I challenge you to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to look so good and say all these right things in there. Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, cuz I actually was going to do that last while I kind of did that last week. But, uh, sometimes. What if I'm in there and you asked me a question and I'm just like, I really don't want to be here right now I go like this.
Matthew Montano: Am I allowed to see that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can say that there's a lot of people that say, I don't want to be here, but they if you have the courage to say why. Because here's what will happen if you just leave it. I don't want to be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will happen is you're not in therapy with me, you're in it with a group of people. The accountabilities different
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I have to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: You affect other people too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's tricky, tricky and you don't have to manage all of that, but just know that I'll probably say, well, what makes you not want to be here and then you're going to be left to say it anyway. So you might as well say
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever it is, I'm afraid you guys will judge me. I figure eventually you're gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Somebody in here is going to say something means to me. Eventually, you know, I don't know what it is, but most this week this week and last week I've been having actual psychotherapy.
Matthew Montano: What do you do
Matthew Montano: What it is, sorry, is that I'm use my work setting and stuff is all civil people. And there's some people in there that like I feel could just go off and I don't want to have to have an argument there is, you know, kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Matthew Montano: All kinds of people and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll say you don't know this about me. So mostly what you see me doing is I'm fun. I asked people to speak and you've seen me bring up topics and I've been sort of this firm. Here's a rule. It's all follow it, or you've seen that version of me right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah version of me that you haven't seen that you keep your eye out for it. I'm a protector.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wouldn't let anybody hurt you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would take them out, not kill them, obviously, but
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's own it. So if you have something you want to say about what you're feeling, you can do that, but we do. We don't tell people how to live their life and we certainly don't criticize them. We don't blame them. We don't shame them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if they can't hold it together. I'll remove them from the group.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's never happened. But my parkhouse where I said I wait let's shift our way we're speaking to each other. Let's own it. What's cut. So if something right. I've never seen it. Most people pick up on.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I'm going to hold everyone accountable. I'm going to hold everyone accountable myself to and even a doctor, do you have Dr. Solomon, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I do with the doctors to
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm protecting everyone. No one's protecting me, mind you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm gonna I'm gonna, I'm not perfect, and I might fail, but I don't know that I really have I protect people, it's important to you feel safe to risk.
Matthew Montano: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me finish that you risk didn't do socially when you were younger. It's important that you give to challenge that old belief about yourself that I can't say and be in a social setting. That's what what is so cool about group, but I'm there. So I can be
Gwenevere Abriel: Like hey
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, and we have this little mute thing to just so you know, in the real life doesn't have that. So there's a lot of little pieces and I can bring people from a group straight away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And nobody's gonna say anything.
Matthew Montano: I feel like I'd be more comfortable in a visible group setting video. It's the I'm still getting used to video you see yourself.
Matthew Montano: And you know, that's, you know, and I have this thing in my head that I always feel like I gotta look good. It's like concern, how I look at the same time I'm worried about what you're saying.
Matthew Montano: I'm getting
Gwenevere Abriel: It's getting easier. I will see you on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if you're nervous.